---
layout: post
title: Dear M by Jenny MacBain-Stephens and Meg Tisinger
author: Jenny MacBain-Stephens and Meg Tisinger
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

___

**#1**

Dear J,

Lose yourself in the woods. 

I place trinkets 

in tree-hollows for squirrels to find. 

They are not edible. 

I don't venture out county. 

Here is the place to watch 

a zombie uprising. 

You can see anything coming. 

I could pick them off from tree-tops. 

I don't like to play games 

that have too many rules. 

Stick to UNO. 

If we're talking nostalgia, 

then I miss Pepsi-Free 

from glass bottles. 

My grandparents had those in their basement. 

It tasted like medicine, 

but also comfort. 

This time of year

it’s cheese curds and hard sausage logs. 

I guess that's why so many people have summer birthdays. 

What is dangerous where you are? 

Parents name their kids 

like window cleaners. 

I'll laugh when the salt 

starts eating up the roads.


___


**#2**

Dear M, 

The foliage devours me 

my children succumb

to a different kind of scrubbing off. 

Squirrel nests cover 

blood orange broccoli trees, 

chuck trinkets in my face.  

That would be the worst way to go, 

deciduous exposure 

and death by marmoset. 

Candlestick horror films breathe 

mesquite odor for a touch 

of Stockholm syndrome. 

You said you were visiting Columbia. 

Succumb to green dinner plate palms 

and moisture. 

Is it better to live dry or moist? 

Forests must get sick of our colors, 

the same peaches and browns 

and tops and bottoms. 

They must wonder 

why we never change 

not knowing all of our spreading 

is on the inside. We measure 

our changing by their changing

Molecules explode by millisecond.  

I am here now and not there 

my bones are still my bones  

my soul concave.

Peel away 

bark of home, 

bark of flatiron, 

bark of body. 

That is why people 

travel to outer space.  

Our eyes covet 

the same shapes 

then detest us for the sameness.

___

Jennifer MacBain-Stephens went to NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts and now lives in the DC area. Recent chapbooks are out from Be About it Press, Dancing Girl Press and Shirt Pocket Press. Her first full length collection is forthcoming from Lucky Bastard Press.  Recent work can be seen at Jet Fuel Review, Pith, So to Speak, Entropy, Right Hand Pointing, Cider Press Review, and decomP. Visit: [http://jennifermacbainstephens.wordpress.com/](https://jennifermacbainstephens.wordpress.com).

Meg Tisinger went to the University of Iowa and makes a mean kale lasagna. She has a love/hate relationship with horror films and takes photographs. Also, some of her poetry was published in Pretty Owl Poetry.