---
layout: post
title: 5 Poems by Maggie Woodward
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

<style>
p {
	max-width: 500px;
    text-align: justify;
}
</style>

___

**IF I AM A BRIDE I AM A CORPSE**

<p>let me out of this cage / I need to go kill a woman / she has it 

coming this time / she has a name I could break / eleven months 

have snaked by since my mouth touched another / I’ve contorted 

myself / I’m grotesque with denial / you may recall you did not 

mention your girlfriend / before I unbraided my hair & undressed 

in your room / is this the story you told yourself / is this what you 

thought I might say / my breathing is ragged with mucus there’s 

always too much inside me / I feel heavy with head wounds / I feel 

heavy with blood / is this a holy erasure / do you miss my 

hospitable flesh / I’ll eat your brains if you let me / if you keep 

calling me kind / I’m not alive when you touch me / I’m not alive 

in your room / tie me down in the landfill & call forth my demons 

/ I will bleed I will bleed I will wrench everything out / you could 

dismember my body & still think you know me / you’d still think 

my desire is contained to my cunt / but I am clean now / I’ve 

coughed up the sludge from inside me / I am clean now / I 

contain nothing / but sound</p>

___

**PARASOMNIA**

<p>I could be the kind of girl who takes a hint but I’m not / I like 

myself best at my most vampiric / I think <i>if only I were thinner / if 

only I were dead</i> / I pined for you until my limbs became numb &

saying your name was exhausting / the truth is I used to eat figs on 

Sunday mornings without remorse / without taking stock of who 

was looking / farewell to the me who was not afraid of men / now 

I cover my mouth when I’m full-body laughing / I won’t walk 

around town baring fangs / I’ve heard we never die in our own 

dreams but last night I dreamt a man took me hostage & bled me 

to death & when I woke I scanned my body for wounds / I want to 

skateboard through a graveyard wearing nothing but sneakers / I 

want to kiss you by the crypt with my lips glossed in blood / I could 

be the kind of girl who does what she wants / but let’s face it / we 

both know I’m not / I will always ask permission / I won’t fall 

asleep in your bed / I have so many dreams in which I’m 

screaming / my rage tamped to a diamond in my gut / yes of 

course I will recoil in the sunlight / will you please eat my 

fingertips / will you swallow my lungs / the truth is I am so careless 

with figs but I’d let you watch juice drip down my chin all morning</p>

___

**ALL THE FOOTAGE FROM OCTOBER**

<p>cold-blooded kill me. gut me. slash me to bits. I’m in an open field 

somewhere in Texas, come alone. chainsaw-massacre me. bring a 

hockey mask, your leather face, & I’ll wipe your knives gently when 

I muss them with blood. it’s October. everywhere, children get 

older. mothers & fathers watch as their children get older. it’s 

October & someone’s red teeth gnaw at a mass of veal or venison 

served up rare.

<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

soon, I’ll drive past the big woods & I’ll worry that bodies might be 

hidden there. I worry there are bodies in the dirt that won’t ever be 

found. last summer, a man described his want for me as <i>violent</i> & I 

believed him to be tender. somewhere, someone is holding a baby 

& is not worried that the baby could die. last night, I dreamed I 

was trapped inside a house with the rotting corpse of my fifth-grade 

teacher & when I woke I got a nosebleed on my sheets.

<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

six Octobers ago, they found her body. she was already dead. it’s 

October now & I worry for her mother. I worry for her father & 

her brother. I am worried sick for every mother. last week, 

someone asked me <i>have you ever seen the face of a dead body?</i>

somewhere, someone wakes up crying & maybe it’s me—

<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>

the girl who died was named Kathleen. she grew up beautifully & 

her mother & father watched. one day, she stopped growing. 

it was October. it’s October now & I want my mother. I want my 

father & my sister. I need my sister little sister need my papa & my 

momma want my sister baby sister & my papa & my momma &

my momma       please       let me talk to my 

mom

it’s October. & I am ready for your nightmares. for your evil dead. 

I am alone in the cabin of a closed-down summer camp. I’m 

disturbing your peace. I’ll stay here & I’ll practice saying her name. 

<i>Kathleen</i>. hack me up, drown me, throw me to wolves. 

somewhere, someone thinks October is just like any other cylinder 

of time.</p>

___

**SOLSTICE**

<p>yes / I’ve lived under moonlight while no one was in love with me 

/ I’ve been barefoot screaming <i>fuck you</i> at the stars / yes I’ve 

swallowed what I’ve swallowed & I felt it make me magic / in my 

head I was five inches taller & long-limbed / in my head / hair fell 

down my back like a fever / like kinesis</p> 

<p>now I will martyr all things wretched with conviction / I will 

martyr him who fights his kind dog mean / praise be unto the 

ruinous / praise be unto the wolves / what I’ve put up my nose has 

seen the black of my brain & at night there’s only sidewalk to catch 

me / long live our summoning / long live our moonfaced prayers</p>

<p>in my head / I remain a Very Good Girl / in my head I said <i>I love 

you friend</i> & you said <i>friend</i> / I love you too / but I’m so dog-tired 

from my want / I’m so bone-tired from recalling you don’t want 

me / in my head / I will leave you / I will leave you alone / I will 

martyr all my unholy hunger / I will ask all these things in the 

name of the Lord / <br> & All God’s People Said <i>Amen</i>.</p>

___

**NIGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD**

<p>I wish you would touch me every time you leave a room & I wish it 

so much I corrode when you don't. but you don’t & you don’t & 

you keep forcing me to define you by absence. of course you spend 

your nights with another woman. do you know what I mean when 

I say <i>I’m sorry?</i> it’s not apology, it’s shame. like how it’s always too 

crowded to move inside my own head. like how my compass never 

points in discernible directions & I promise: you cannot relate. do 

you know how it feels to have a heart that never empties? I am all 

the time turning to a pillar of salt & still I wake each morning being 

no man’s wife. I think ‘love’ is this way I want to yell <i>fuck you</i> at 

your stupid mouth for ever daring to be beautiful so close to me.</p>

___

maggie woodward is an MFA candidate in poetry at the University of Mississippi. she is senior editor of the Yalobusha Review & curates the Trobar Ric reading series with poet marty cain. her work has appeared or is forthcoming from Axolotl Magazine, Tinderbox Poetry Journal, the wu-wei fashion mag, The Atlas Review, & Devil's Lake, among others. you can find her online at [maggiewoodward.wordpress.com](https://maggiewoodward.wordpress.com).
