---
layout: post
title: Flame by Sarah Xerta
author: Sarah Xerta
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

___

**Flame**

It’s Halloween and I wanted to do something spirtually important<br>
but I’m too horny to concentrate on anything other than the gold<br>
in my mouth, all the possibilities that open up when I lay <br>
my head back and arch my throat to the sky. <br>
I feel moon beams vibrate against my skin<br>
and wonder which animal is growing inside me tonight. <br>
If I sound like I’m out of it that’s because I am<br>
and it feels fucking great, to light a candle and eat the fire<br>
without having to explain if it’s a metaphor or not, to be a person <br>
without feeling bad about it. I was going to meditate<br>
and kiss all the dead parts of you still floating around like<br>
debris in my rib cage, but I am so tired of being the housewife<br>
to my own body. All my furniture is covered in bone dust<br>
so now I don’t have anywhere to relax. I buy crystals and <br>
stuff clouds between my legs. I eat candy for dinner, consider<br>
fucking my ex, but as soon as I think about touching someone I fall<br>
from this cloud like a bag of dirt back into my body,<br>
like a prisoner of linear thought I am stuck in everyone’s<br>
idea of what it means to feel pleasure from the inside out. <br>
I scream at such high frequencies that no one can hear me. <br>
If you think this poem is about 21st century sex then you <br>
are part of my problem. If you are thinking about my clit<br>
I am telling you it doesn’t exist. You can see what I mean<br>
with your eyes open or closed, it doesn’t matter, there is nothing<br>
to see if you aren’t bleeding into yourself, flicking your tongue<br>
like a flame against the dark that keeps you.

___

Sarah Xerta is a poet & author of Nothing To Do with Me (University of Hell Press, 2015), as well as several chapbooks, available for free download on her website [sarahxerta.com](http://sarahxerta.com). Find her on Twitter: [@AlienHere2Love](https://twitter.com/AlienHere2Love) (it's true).
