---
layout: default
title: Dear M by Jenny MacBain-Stephens and Meg Tisinger
category: issue1
---

**#1**

Dear J,

Lose yourself in the woods. 
I place trinkets 
in tree-hollows for squirrels to find. 
They are not edible. 
I don't venture out county. 
Here is the place to watch 
a zombie uprising. 
You can see anything coming. 
I could pick them off from tree-tops. 
I don't like to play games 
that have too many rules. 
Stick to UNO. 
If we're talking nostalgia, 
then I miss Pepsi-Free 
from glass bottles. 
My grandparents had those in their basement. 
It tasted like medicine, 
but also comfort. 
This time of year
it’s cheese curds and hard sausage logs. 
I guess that's why so many people have summer birthdays. 
What is dangerous where you are? 
Parents name their kids 
like window cleaners. 
I'll laugh when the salt 
starts eating up the roads.

**#2**

Dear M, 

The foliage devours me 
my children succumb
to a different kind of scrubbing off. 
Squirrel nests cover 
blood orange broccoli trees, 
chuck trinkets in my face.  
That would be the worst way to go, 
deciduous exposure 
and death by marmoset. 
Candlestick horror films breathe 
mesquite odor for a touch 
of Stockholm syndrome. 
You said you were visiting Columbia. 
Succumb to green dinner plate palms 
and moisture. 
Is it better to live dry or moist? 
Forests must get sick of our colors, 
the same peaches and browns 
and tops and bottoms. 
They must wonder 
why we never change 
not knowing all of our spreading 
is on the inside. We measure 
our changing by their changing
Molecules explode by millisecond.  
I am here now and not there 
my bones are still my bones  
my soul concave.
Peel away 
bark of home, 
bark of flatiron, 
bark of body. 
That is why people 
travel to outer space.  
Our eyes covet 
the same shapes 
then detest us for the sameness.