---
layout: post
title: 3 Poems by Jeremy Radin
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

___

**Grandmother**

The evening rustles a wind like a goat <br>
moving through underbrush I come from <br>
a long line of goats stubborn bodies bent <br>
in cold I promise I will return to Russia <br>
dragging a bag of bones build a courage <br>
out of the ones who made the road who <br>
danced like arrows in the leg of the fawn <br>
grandmother I saw you on the deathbed 

arms the opposite of days fallen to pieces <br>
I stitched them into a kite flew the kite from <br>
the roof of the hospital cormorants alighted <br>
knitted you back together there on the roof <br>
we danced recalled the day we met fresh <br>
fallen from my mother I entered the world <br>
you were there clapping lightly your bony <br>
arms the small berets in your hair kulots 

& wind enfolding your bad leg swollen <br>
the size of goats huddling in the cold <br>
you huddled into the deluge of my life <br>
& did I make room could there ever be <br>
enough room could I have called could <br>
I have written come over unannounced <br>
with buckets of lilacs potatoes buckets <br>
of deconstructed libraries arrows to 

shoot into the walls for us to climb up <br>
through the ceiling the floors up into <br>
the matrimony of day to day the space <br>
between days into the rooms of what <br>
happens when we turn from ourselves <br>
long enough to see those gazing at us <br>
through windows of the self I saw you<br>
there turned away did not say hello 

told my father to wait now you board <br>
the boat & I am this stationary thing <br>
on the side of the river dark spilling <br>
out of my chest guiding you back <br>
to the banks where you wait for us <br>
already goat frozen on the sand<br>
starlight chewing through the body <br>
that housed the shivering world

___

**Why I Never Learned to Ride a Bike**

Imagine a new two-wheeler gleaming in the driveway. <br>
Imagine a boy staring at it, wishing he was excited. 

Imagine him plucked from the ground by a tall & beaming <br>
papa, placed atop this tangle of metal spaghetti, imagining 

his femur pushing through his leg like a fractured birch <br>
through pinkish mud. Imagine him imagining his inevitable 

death, head in pieces on the sidewalk, brain <br>
flopping like a fish. To imagine him imagining this

you must imagine his great-grandfather, Sam, wringing <br>
his hands in the corners of rooms as if choking  

an invisible aggressor. You must imagine Sam remembering <br>
the Cossack on the horse, the saber’s arc, his friend’s seventeen-year-old 

head cleaved off his seventeen-year-old body, spinning <br>
like a blood-soaked dreidel in the dirt. Once you have that you must 

imagine Sam folded into his great-grandson’s <br>
blood, wringing his hands like a backward bell. & in order

to imagine this, you must imagine back before imagining, before<br>
remembering, to when the Lord shaped the ones who would carry His body

on their backs like a bread that would never rise. You must <br>
imagine them crushed beneath the whips, gas, skulls 

scattered like flower pots across the ambivalent snow,<br>
& their voices, imagine, murmuring in the brain 

of a boy, warning of the unseen force <br>
that hates him, aggressor waiting in the form 

of small rocks, minivans pulling out of driveways, <br>
the world rushing past so quickly, too quickly, his heart

a pair of wringing hands <br>
that won’t hold on to anything.

___

**Elegy for Grandma Bess**

Do you remember the story you told me when I was small <br>
& frightened of sleep, the two of us huddled in the big blue bed? <br>
Story of a frightened wave that approached a boy on a beach <br>
& said <i>Little boy, I am lost…</i> & before you could finish, your voice<br>
like water unfurling over the sand, I slept. You did this. Tamed <br>
the mishegas barraging my brain, gathered me into the arms <br>
of your voice & carried me back to my center.

Not all lullabies are sung. <br>
Let me speak one to you.

Look, I call you into this room. Look with your eyes, good again. <br>
Look at the rows & rows, glimmering soft in celebration, the quaking<br>
shoulders, lashes ringed in steam.

Grandma, how shall I celebrate you? Let a new language be built for <br>
the occasion, built of your name. Let me drag your name from the bashful ocean <br>
of my lungs. Let me thunder your name in the streets, in the synagogue, let me<br>
teach the torah your name. Let your name be on the lips of travelers & dogs,<br>
of presidents & wild swans. Grandma, let me walk into a restaurant, sit down, <br>
& when the waiter is clearly busy, four plates in his hands, let me say 

<i>Young man, let me tell you of my grandmother.</i> <br>
<i>Her name is Bess.</i>

& I’ll say the blue way your eyes blazed through those dark Chicago<br>
winters. & the blue way that they waltzed across the country of a page.<br>
& the blue way they considered the impassive shtetl mountains. & their <br>
blue, blue glittering way as you argued the blue clear out of the sky <br>
& their blue discerning way the day you drove me in the car & <br>
told me the plot of the musical & I fell in love with my future - the way <br>
you knew how to do these things - the frothing heart of your body <br>
wondering, learning, knowing, knowing, how you entered the world <br>
I imagine through the doors of some humming library, the words <br>
clinging to you, & Chicago shook & shook & look 

how Los Angeles shakes at your leaving. See us bent & trembling - but what if <br>
I told you we were bent in joy? That the arrows of loss are not arrows, but trees <br>
blossoming out of our bodies, each of us, a forest - every tree, named Bess. <br>
Every flower, Bess. & the moon making light fall down through the flowers <br>
is Bess, & the whisper of the lake against the shore - Bess, Bess, & when <br>
I told my friend about you she said <i>Your grandmother sounds like simply</i> 

<i>the Bess</i>, o bless the bad jokes of a life we laugh at anyway! Funny lady, funny <br>
hero, let me say now what I did not say, what I should have said, let me open<br>
the phone book & call every stranger, let me say to them <i>Hello, my name <br>
is Jeremy & Bess was my grandma. She survived the Depression. She rocked <br>
the mighty kulots, wore an eye around her neck, a sapphire star <br>
that could see everything you needed even if you yourself could not<br>
& all she wanted was to give these things, all she wanted was to <br>
survive at your side, & look what she did, look what she made</i> <br>
& would the stranger on the other end of the phone see me pointing <br>
at my father, my aunts & uncle? Probably not. But that isn’t the point.

Grandma, let us move beyond the point, into the gibberish of praise.<br>
What if I told you there is no poem possible, only a blue flash of failure? <br>
Only a bewilderment grasping at sense - but no sense possible either! <br>
There is only before me the vaulting fact of you. Let us make sense another <br>
time - talking politics or books at the table - not when the heart is breaking <br>
like a sea against the rocks. O survivor, stubborn mother, maker of the funny-<br>
named potato, let us all say <i>Oy Gevault!</i> - the only language my heart speaks <br>
for you - your towering courage, your ferocious & ferocious & ferocious love,

did you know that when language failed you, you brought our hands to <br>
your lips & kissed us invincible? That you stayed until your granddaughter <br>
arrived? Did you know it was peaceful & you held her hand, & yes, in that<br>
instant, all of our hands? What if I told you each heart in this room is a room <br>
in which you dance as though at a wedding, that you will come with us <br>
to the next room in which a feast is prepared, a feast for you, I mean <br>
what if I told you we we are going to eat after this, that we will all be <br>
fed in your home, could your eyes be any brighter, o, I hear them, <br>
I hear them dancing through this room, what if I could know anything <br>
other than how I will miss you. & how the waves of grief  <br>
will call my name. & how I will answer. & how I will answer.

Grandma, what if I told you I know what happened<br>
the moment it happened - how you stood out on some <br>
unfathomable beach. How the ocean approached & said 

<i>Bess, I am lost…</i>

How you gathered the ocean into your arms<br>
& carried the ocean back home.