---
layout: post
title: 3 Poems by Isabelle Davis
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

##3 Poems by Isabelle Davis

**backwoods dark**

on tuesday the Dog barked at the trap door & she did not stop for 
three hours & the guy who lives underneath us texted me to say that 
he knew that this building shouldn’t allow dogs and i did not text 
back because he is obnoxious.  then i opened the trap door and 
Climbed in with my flashlight.  

it was backwoods dark in there.  

my flashlight did not carry the distance i thought it should.  my dog 
stopped barking and walked in front of me.  we walked straight 
ahead for two hours until my Light caught a corner of a box & then 
it caught a pillow & then more pillows & every inch of space that my 
light covered it Stayed in.  

it had no where to travel to.  

inside the box were Letters.  they all said “it’s hard for me to 
apologize but i would Become a Map for you.”

my dog and i laid down.  my dog and i forgave.  my dog and i slept.


___


**tell them other motherfuckers be quiet**

do you like my socks?  they’re from when i played 

softball & thought i was straight but you can 

have them if you want them baby 

you can have whatever you like.  you can have my 

lips too i will leave them on your shoulder 

where they won’t tickle you but they might 

make you moan at inappropriate times.  

that’s what i would want.  don’t worry about 

overwatering the cactus i gave you it’s kinda like me

a little needy & it thrives on attention.

i can’t be overheld.


___


**they have never felt this way**

we lit candles in our treehouse & when the wind lifted it & us out

of our tree it did not whip us around in the way i expected.  

the candles floated as if they were in zero gravity but i’m not sure 

if a flame would catch in zero gravity so maybe it wasn’t like 

anything other than what it was.  

we fucked in the treehouse & i’m not sure if that put us in the 

mile high club because the tornado did not announce the altitude 

as we reached it.  

that’s not a metaphor for anything though we flew in the sky like 

paper & the tornado let us down fourty-five minutes later all in 

one piece & shaking from each other & featherless chickens 

pecked the ground around us.