---
layout: post
title: 4 Poems by Alexis Pope
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

<style>
p {
	max-width: 500px;
    text-align: justify;
}
</style>

___

**Olivebridge, NY**

<p>The matters of a beginning to revolution. Inside trees 

the unsure names. Of which I am chosen to be. A 

tumult beside a body of water, Atlantic-Pacific or the 

trial and error running my finger along the page. The 

reprieve forbidden except I become uncovered 

among the others. In their presence I am no longer a 

whole. Platefuls before the winter, what a joke 

blankets. No longer the homes beside each other, we 

then remove. Replace a mask to the person on your 

left. I am not without.</p>

___

**Kedzie**

<p>Below me what is lost. There were 

years of it. Then something curls into 

my breast. We flocked to the heat 

lamps. Lit the ends and walked home. 

Fog was a language but we never 

spoke. These moments move away 

from me. I know nothing unless sleep.</p>

___

**Bedford**

<p>The set distance between each tree. We align or are sentenced 

to trim. In the youth of it I stood an above average height. As 

many as a few fingers. In order to properly. Which one 

contains the exact content warning. I’ve searched for it to 

come up. When I say empty I’m talking in sentiment. 

Regurgitate the absence of a nest. Do it again. Never learned 

how to identify the flora. People we used to be. The thick 

spaces between. Each year I thought if I put enough inside 

one would stick. The way a cow stands so still. My reflection 

in the window. Stitches of history expose themselves. What I 

have done in my birth.</p>

___

**Brown Line**

<p>If single mother don’t risk it. If single mother ignore sickness. 

I wrestle the beetles through night. Who did you grow up to 

be. 32 years of not knowing. I submit. The ones who turn me 

away. Blame in a mirror. The way it wrinkles. The blue under 

my eyes from labor I wouldn’t. But I’ve thought about it. To 

erase a past maybe. There’s a Disney movie where the girl is 

something. No one watches. My daughter walks into the room 

with a doll stuffed up her shirt. Mommy, I have a baby in my belly.</p>