---
layout: post
title: 3 Poems by Dalton Day
category: issue1
date: 2016-02-10
---

___

**Dear Can You Speak Up Just A Little Bit**

You keep losing your balance.<br>
You say things like

The sky has stranded me here<br>
& I used to think you meant

you were an alien, only<br>
wanting to return to your 

home planet, but you don’t.<br>
I’m sorry I can’t take

the tornado out of you, that I<br>
keep building gyroscopes

for you to swallow down, only<br>
to add one more direction 

for you to forget. If you lay<br>
down, the world will lay down,

too. & if you get back up,<br>
you get back up. That’s all.

Love,<br>
Is This Loud Enough?

___

**Beware of Falling Deer**

<style>
p {
	max-width: 500px;
    text-align: justify;
}
</style>

<p>Even though they don’t die, they could still kill you, if 

you are standing right beneath them. People are 

worried about their cars, their houses. The damage 

that has occurred &amp; will occur with each impact. I’ve 

stopped going outside, even though you haven’t. You 

are more worried about the deer. I watch you build a 

giant net in the yard, to catch them. You say it isn’t the 

sight of them falling that’s hard, but the sound. &amp; as 

they safely land, then run into the woods to join their 

ever-growing numbers, I guess that’s what people 

don’t understand, can’t understand, about grief. You 

can’t assign it. It’s just assigned.</p>

___

**Pastoral**

There you are, lying in grass<br>
long enough for you<br>
to be completely hidden by grass. 

You are covered in red,<br>
the color of blood, but instead<br>
of blood, strawberries.

People don’t talk about gnats<br>
very often, or at all,<br>
so it is nice that you will, &amp; do.

If a pitch goes high enough, <br>
nothing will hear it, <br>
except the thing that’s making it.

When you raise yourself <br>
out of the grass, it’s because you<br>
raise yourself out of the grass.

A thing doesn’t have to look<br>
like a thing for it to be that thing, <br>
except. Except. Except.

___

Dalton Day is a trembling dog-person & MFA candidate in The New Writers Project at UT Austin. He is the author of the collection Actual Cloud (Saló Press, 2015) & the chapbooks Fake Knife (Freezeray Press, 2015) & To Breathe I'm Too Thin (Hyacinth Girl Press, forthcoming 2016). His poems have been featured in PANK, Columbia Poetry Review, Alien Mouth, & The Offing, among others. He can be found on [myshoesuntied.tumblr.com](http://myshoesuntied.tumblr.com) & [twitter.com/lilghosthands](https://twitter.com/lilghosthands).

