---
layout: post
title: 6 poems by Talin Tahajian
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---

<style type="text/css">
	div {
		text-align: justify;
	}
</style>

*Sleeping drugs*

<div>I spend so much time ∙ praying to little men on other planets ∙ have you heard? ∙ there is intelligence in the sky ∙ I’ve been thinking a lot ∙ about space rocks ∙ the way you can crack them open ∙ and find life inside ∙ I am also made of glitter ∙ I look down at my knuckles and they glitter ∙ the way concrete glitters below streetlights ∙<br><br>
I am so young ∙ I miss skinning my knees ∙ on concrete ∙ what if the moon ∙ is really just a small mound of cocaine ∙ a lot of things would make more sense ∙ for example ∙ when we were young ∙ we skinned our knees and became used to the feeling ∙ now we look for the feeling ∙ we stay awake looking ∙<br><br>
we look to the sky ∙ we look to the sky for answers ∙ and settle for small pills in glass bottles ∙ we settle for ingestion ∙ but tell me ∙ would you ever say no ∙ to a small blue man ∙ from some tiny moon ∙ if he promised you answers? ∙ if you have ever tripped ∙ in the middle of a busy midnight street ∙ you know something about what that feels like ∙ lights flashing in thousands of places ∙ and nothing to hold on to ∙ this is why I like to think of aliens ∙ small gods of moving bodies</div>

___

*Variations on the ways his music feed is a love poem and I hate it*

Sometimes it’s too hard to live. Listening to his music feed<br>
is like watching him fall in love. It is too hard to talk about<br>
no matter how I describe it. Tearing away thin white shirts<br>
as if anything is secret anymore. Blue moon & electric light.<br>
Our air is thin & cold. I’m afraid of life. Everything is smoke<br>
& ghosts. I’m afraid of soft things. I’m not used to observing<br>
from so far away. I want the moon to turn into a bright fox<br>
& kill everything on earth. I want to strangle everything I see.<br>
I hate watching people fall in love & I can’t stop saying that<br>
because what I’m seeing is going to kill me. Do you see this?<br>
All purple meat & thick heavy life. I’ve been in love with you<br>
so many times. I’m worried about smoke. I’m worried about<br>
so much dark blood. I’ve been coughing for so many nights<br>
& my small fires don’t make me any warmer. If I were better<br>
with metamorphosis, I wouldn’t want to die every morning<br>
& night. I am coughing, & I think I’m going to live like this<br>
for a long time. The night is a cold pink fog with lots of sad<br>
animals. I cough into the big sky & I want to cry all the time.<br>
I want love the same way I want hot wine & a new raincoat.<br>
When you introduce me to the dark, I want to grow & shift<br>
with it. I don’t know how to look into the night & see myself<br>
in it. This is so important. I want to kill myself over & over<br>
& wake up somewhere gorgeous.<br>

___

*It's November again*

This time last year, I was so lonely. Sometimes, that’s just<br>
how it has to be. Sometimes, I just want to cover myself<br>
in tiny electric blankets & cry forever. It’s November again<br>
& I’m ready to cry. Each year, something different. Nothing<br>
will ever be like the night I went to get coffee across a park<br>
covered in late-October frost & missed death by an inch<br>
or a centimeter. It makes no difference no matter how<br>
you count it. I am filled with hot coffee & so much smoke<br>
that most of the time, it’s hard to see clearly. It fills my eyes<br>
& my whole heart. A piece of flesh the size of a some small<br>
animal. Some thoughts I’ve had recently: the brightest<br>
thing in the world. The moon on Halloween. The kind of meat<br>
we eat after everyone else has gone to sleep. Like everybody<br>
else, I want to die someday but not anytime soon. I like dusk<br>
just as much as anyone but I think I’m becoming more keen<br>
on sunlight, waking up to the sweet & coffee of the kitchen<br>
& all those birds. There are plastic spikes on my windowsill<br>
to keep the pigeons away & I don’t know what to think<br>
about that. Things like that fill my whole entire animal heart<br>
just like the smoke & coffee. Thin heat from the radiator<br>
in the library. Frosty fields where I almost died & died again<br>
until I forgot what it means to die or stay alive. It’s November<br>
again & most of us are still alive. This makes me so glad except<br>
for the fact that it has to be said. I look outside & a black flock<br>
of birds erupts into something that’s never been described before.<br>

___

*Love poem without anything real*

I can smell your body&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;in my body<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& the ocean is glittering like it’s supposed to<br><br>
I don’t know anything&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;about what’s supposed to be said<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I’m too loud&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I can’t breathe<br><br>
I don’t know what time it is&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;sweating<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;so many monsters<br><br>
none of them are bloody&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I’m bloody<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;beneath my nails&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I feel it there<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;why is anything&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;here<br><br>
here is the black dog the beach&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the bathroom<br>
<br>I don’t understand anything&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the black dog is real<br><br>
I promise&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;walking the boardwalk like it’s supposed to<br><br>
& here we are&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;sleeping like we’re supposed to<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;it is two o’clock in the morning & I am tired<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;I am so tired

___

*Starbucks love story*

I saw you across the room you were wearing<br>
salmon shorts and a blue polo I remember<br>
your order it was something unsweetened<br>
and iced with extra soy milk I thought Oh<br>
me too you walked over to me and I prayed<br>
everyone stopped moving and one lightbulb<br>
flickered the planet stopped mid-spin it hung<br>
in empty space it began to fall toward Pluto<br>
but before passing Jupiter you turned around<br>
everyone kept moving nothing had changed<br>
except now the sun was smaller in the sky<br>
and Jupiter floated on the horizon like a big<br>
orange I remember because I was sitting near<br>
the window so I could see down the street<br>
there were clouds but not enough to cover<br>
the peach-yellow sky all of the ice in my drink<br>
melted and so did my plastic cup the whole<br>
time I don’t think you even saw me or maybe<br>
you were the girl with the neon shirt the thick<br>
black tattoos on your back the bleach-blonde<br>
hair and we didn’t stop at Jupiter we fell all<br>
the way to Pluto and we kept falling until we all<br>
fell off this planet and onto Pluto don’t you know<br>
there’s a Starbucks on Pluto and you turned<br>
around and stepped outside into the rocky<br>
beige I sighed and looked back down *Oh a text*<br>

___

*Wildfire*

<div>a room 🔪 or an empty room 🔪 a room with an evergreen 🔪 a room with snow 🔪 a room that’s all windows 🔪 a room with no windows 🔪 a room with no walls 🔪 with no light 🔪 no moon 🔪 a room full of smoke 🔪 a swallowed room 🔪 a hollow room 🔪 a room of dead things 🔪 a pile of skins 🔪 and next to it 🔪 a pile of bones 🔪 a pile of knives</div>

___

Talin Tahajian grew up near Boston. Her poetry has recently appeared in Salt Hill Journal, Indiana Review, Kenyon Review Online, Best New Poets 2014, Columbia Poetry Review, DIAGRAM, and Washington Square Review. She's the author of half a split chapbook, START WITH DEAD THINGS (Midnight City Books, 2015), and serves as a poetry editor for the Adroit Journal. She is currently a student at the University of Cambridge, where she studies English literature.