---
layout: post
title: pickling by Hanisha Harjani
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---

i.<br><br>
a second life trembles<br>
in the<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;blindness between<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;my blinks.<br>
uneven teeth, microbeaded tongue, the<br>
texture of hopping oil on skin,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a memory of the sun loving us:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;i am smearing a gradient<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;of saliva on your shoulder<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;+ watching it<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;dry.<br>
you become a fragmented me and we tumble,<br>
helically, till we are dizzy and sated but nowhere<br>
closer to making sense of this chaos,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;tho we try.<br><br>
first, thru fingers:<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a sensation. all my subatomic<br>
particles are close and vibrating closely<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;but never touching.<br>
& i rub my hands in the wet but can<br>
never be a part of it.<br><br>

you tell me this: <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;you keep having dreams about birds perching on your gravestone.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the birds are all different shapes and the soil is a fresh rectangle. the<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;dirt is upturned and soft-seeming, with some small three-pronged<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;feetprints. the birds are all calling out for their mates. some look<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;left, some right, while others stare dispassionately into the fogged<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;distance as though they are in a trance, performing this action only<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;because of biology or genetic memory or some sort of ancestral<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;trauma that they are otherwise detached from. none of the calls are<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;returned. still, they stay there, drenched in lonely birdsong. calling<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;out in desperation or out of obligation or because they have<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;forgotten how to do anything else. days pass, pressing over each<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;other like wet leaves. at this point, you realize that the birds are<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;slowly dying, frozen corpses still perched on your forever-home,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;beaks parted on a syllable. you are horrified at first, but then<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;comforted by their bodies, scattered on top of yours. you make a<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;wish for each one and then wonder what the combination of your<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;decomposition will produce. this is when you wake up.<br><br>
ii.<br><br>
when i meditate or masturbate,<br>
i am often thinking of the fish tank<br>
at the local Chinese place<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& the bloated, unmoving bodies<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;of the fish, as figures of transcendence;<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a gesture towards salvation or,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;something less kinky like.<br><br>
i start pressing leaves between<br>
books and you decide to<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“LOOK AT MORE SUNSETS<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;AND NECKS OF PIGEONS”<br><br>
as an exercise in being<br><br>
& we agree over canned<br>
beans and rice,<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;that life is moving<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;too fast to capture<br>
so we surrender to it & break<br>
the cameras on our phones<br>
with our fists<br><br>
iii.<br><br>
when the aliens crash land amongst the cows, dizzy and a little<br>
hungover, they wake to milky sunshine and the smell of manure.<br>
they look at the cows and themselves and the grass and the cud<br>
clumped on the cows’ jaws and their eyes and their tails and the<br>
flies swatted by their tails and feel at peace. the only thing they<br>
see is pasture and sky. they know that there are other things<br>
beyond the horizon and that they could see them if they moved<br>
steadily in one direction or another—but a cow moos in the<br>
distance and the sound holds in it, both, the hollowness of the<br>
universe and a moment of clarity: they stay where they are and<br>
touch the earth and let the gnats sit on their skin. when the sun<br>
goes down and it starts to rain, they leave with the memory of<br>
grass on their bodies.<br><br>
iv.<br><br>
i become preoccupied with water & how<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;preservation requires dehydration, maybe a<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;pinch of salt or some sort of chemical<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;solution that is unhealthy for the planet<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;& our lungs.<br>

___

