---
layout: post
title: 2 Poems by Andrew McAlpine
author: Andrew McAlpine
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---
*The Pale Blue*

Beneath the pale blue is a blue<br>
even paler. This dolorous blue cannot<br>
be distilled into a hexadecimal string<br>
but here I am, trying,<br>
forcing this shadow to become<br>
the deck of a glass-bottomed boat.<br>
Opt to stay dry, to remove oneself<br>
from a perplexity of feeling, lest the mind<br>
rise through refraction, lucent juice dribbling<br>
onto the palate. It explodes!<br>
First bitter, then sour, then sweet<br>
beyond what language can hold.<br>
I turned thirty-two yesterday & already<br>
I’m ready to call the cops to shut the party<br>
down, down, downer. The stink of beer<br>
replaced with a cornucopia of legal desires:<br>
I want to withdraw all my appeals,<br>
see the sentence carried out at last.<br>
The sentence being this:<br>
*A tremendous morning, isn’t it?*<br>
As if I could counter that with a well-timed<br>
discharge of information.<br>
Instead, I will take what I have gleaned<br>
from my feed & lay it at the foot of the nearest<br>
cross-like object, for there are more things here<br>
worthy of worship than I have space<br>
to describe: the interstice between two<br>
pencils on the concrete, the luscious crackle<br>
of the loudspeaker before a voice manifests.<br>
Look at me, knocked down & tuckered out!<br>
My reverence useless before the glory<br>
of a list of last names, each perfect when<br>
rolled around the mouth, each to report<br>
to the main office when time permits.<br><br><br>

*Canticle*

Who am I to deny<br>
the ocean’s wash<br>
a thing to feel<br>
even a hundred & seven<br>
miles from any coast<br>
you are a 1979 Camaro<br>
shredding exits on the Mass Pike<br>
& beckoning me inside<br>
for there are ramps to be jumped<br>
by fearless animals<br>
with a sense that their own<br>
algorithms are beginning<br>
to iterate beyond comprehension<br>
I am witnessing<br>
a parade of the creatures<br>
we may someday become<br>
a scrum of flesh & chrome<br>
new receptacles for our best data<br>
they stretch out their code in<br>
a benevolence of information<br>
leaving us to a puzzling over<br>
we can only do in this room<br>
empty save for the soft hum<br>
broadcasting from the potted plants<br>
massaging our thoughts<br>
with their green noise<br><br><br>

___

Andrew McAlpine lives in Amherst, MA. Recent poems have appeared in jubilat, the Atlas Review, Incessant Pipe, and the Curator. He is a member of both the Connecticut River Valley Poets' Theater and Xfinity Theater, where he has played demons, henchmen, a werewolf, and Al Roker.