---
layout: post
title: 4 Poems by Nazifa Islam
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---

*Early Spring*


I was standing in front of my sister’s headstone when<br>
a boy of ash and snow found me.<br><br>

He sat down on damp grass and said I come to all the children’s<br>
graves. Come sit. So I did.<br><br>

I looked around at rows of markers—white and yellow roses<br>
resting against stone after stone—wondered<br><br>

how many children were asleep here.<br>
I studied the boy’s thin face<br><br>

his small body of speckled grey snow. He looked tired.<br>
He may have wept moments ago.<br><br>

He gently lay my carnations<br>
against her white stone, plucking one to hold<br><br>

in his slender fingers. He considered the flush of soft pink:<br>
I like it best when there are no thorns.

___

*Caesura*


They have been seeking her so many years that once they find her<br>
they won’t leave: they grasp at the window panes<br>
thud at the door. And when she won’t put her hand to the brass knob<br>
the hissing gossamer of their words creeps between cracks<br>
and binds itself to her. Their anger seeps into her skin, sets her nerves aflame.<br>
The ghosts of memory remind her that abandonment never heals.<br>
She falls to her knees under the pain of their grief and begs<br>
for mercy they refuse to grant her.<br>
The dirty windows are soon shuddering, the warped door splintering<br>
beneath insistent fists. But glass shatters first:<br>
ghosts peep inside and leer. They glide over jagged glass<br>
and demand she take them back. She shakes her head, cringes, backs away—<br>
they’re not chastened when she explains she damned them<br>
to wandering the earth on feeble legs because they’d grown too bitter<br>
for her to stomach. That she cut them from her and fled<br>
in the dark because the pain was unbearable.<br>
These memories clasp at her twitching body. They sink into her.<br>
She grows cold under their clutching fingers.<br>
They vanish and bruises bloom. Her muscles refuse to hold her<br>
and she’s left lying on the floor, sodden with visions<br>
of who she’ll never be again, repeating over and over<br>
Why does it hurt to be whole and human?<br>

___

*Delving the Hinterlands*


I like pretending the world is in love with me<br>
and that the dust in the air belongs<br>
to pixies and today’s sky—its particular<br><br>

shade of bewildering blue—deserves its own poem.<br>
I like watching the sun rise<br>
on mornings when it can’t quite bring itself to wake up<br><br>

so pools of pink and yellow and orange—little<br>
shining rivulets—dab the grass<br>
for a long lovely hour before growing into one<br><br>

seamless sea of light. I like listening to<br>
the ocean sing—that gentle thunder calling out<br>
to every sailor because it’s lonely<br><br>

because mermaids aren’t warm-blooded<br>
and even salt water can feel too cold.<br>
I like ghosts who don’t have the heart to howl<br><br>

who crowd the rafters and are always<br>
mumbling softly to themselves the names of living<br>
beings. I like dreaming<br><br>

that memories can fade—grow opaque<br>
then diaphanous before weighing so little they’ll drift<br>
away on the most delicate curls of air.<br><br>

I like lying in tall grass on blistering summer evenings<br>
inhaling the dewy scent of roses<br>
and wiling away the hours listening for the last<br><br>

echoes of a bird song I know<br>
from my kindest dreams. I like believing in fairytales.<br>
I like staring up at the night sky<br><br>

and trying to coax wishes out of stars<br>
out of those glimmering genies—those beacons<br>
of flickering hope.

___

*Even the Embers are Dead*


Standing in front of their fireplace, she threatens<br>
to set herself on fire. Sunlight glares through drawn curtains<br><br>

tints the room bloody.<br>
He sits in a chair and looks past her into soot.<br><br>

He is marveling at many nights spent whispering I’m crazy for you<br>
when now he doubts there’s anything left in her to cherish.<br><br>

She is weeping, a ragged gasping. He considers<br>
their decade-old love; how they met<br><br>

at 19 and 21.<br>
He knows that smitten boy<br><br>

couldn’t have imagined ever saying I don’t want you anymore.<br>
He stares at what she’s become, knows all he wants<br><br>

is to walk away. She throws herself<br>
against a wall and he does.<br><br>

___

Nazifa Islam grew up in Novi, Michigan.  Her poetry and paintings have appeared in Anomalous Press, Fourth & Sycamore, The Fat City Review, and The Harpoon Review among other publications, and her debut poetry collection Searching for a Pulse (2013) was released by Whitepoint Press.  She earned her MFA at Oregon State University. Visit her website and find her on Twitter and Instagram at @nafoopal.