---
layout: post
title: Pedagogy (V) by Clare Louise Harmon
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---

[Redacted] plays automatic	saw-toothed <br>
forward and back<br>
her elbow	sufficiently  low	<br>
and wrist		supple.<br>
Right pinky	<br>
tap		tap tapping<br>
the screw	<br>
lest bow control	go <br>
to hell<br>
in a happy	handbag.<br><br>

[Redacted] plays automatic<br>
saw-toothed	forward	back<br>
elbow down		with weight<br>
of a body	all up<br>
in the finger<br>
just as 	[Redacted] 	just as<br>
he taught her.	<br>
I know 	you are<br>
just girl		but still<br>
you have	a little 		power.<br><br>

[Redacted] teaches <br>
automatic:	Play 	<br>
saw-toothed	forward<br>
back.	She demonstrates		Look<br>
she demonstrates	are you looking?<br>
See	how my weight<br>
is channeled	She demonstrates	<br>
here 	into my <br>
finger?<br><br>

Just as [Redacted] <br>
just as he	taught her<br>
she demonstrates	I know you are<br>
just eight		she demonstrates<br>
but still	still	<br>
you have		a little<br> 
power	eh?<br>
She demonstrates	<br>
just as [Redacted] 	just as he<br>
taught her	touching <br>
hesitant	<br>
and ever so slight.<br>

___

Clare Louise Harmon is the author of THE THINGBODY (Instar Books 2015) and the chapbook, IF WISHES WERE HORSES THE POOR WOULD RIDE (Finishing Line Press 2016). Her work has appeared in numerous publications including Sixth Finch, The Feminist Wire, PANK, Quaint, Tammy, and The Stockholm Review of Literature, among others. Prior to her poet-life, she taught violin, viola, and chamber music at Drake University. Currently, she lives and writes in New Orleans in Alex Chilton's former apartment in Treme. more at [cargocollective.com/clarelouiseharmon](cargocollective.com/clarelouiseharmon)
