---
layout: post
title: 6 Poems by Caolan Madden
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---

<h1>Haworth Honeymoon: A Facebook Album</h1>

*Me at the Brontë Museum, Haworth, October 7*

White bonnet suspended in glass<br>
“The little cage&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&of Currer Bell”<br>
<br>
Emily died on this couch. <br>
This handwriting sample.<br>
Their father saw Charlotte’s body wracked<br>
by marriage. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“bearing her position so long, & <br>
enduring to the end”&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br><br>

It broke her from the inside &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br>
all these hand-sewn seams&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the grave <br>
closed with cunning moss&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;flat as text<br>
Reader I married him<br><br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;after all

___

*Paul at Colwith Force, Ambleside, October 4*

The veil hangs off<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;a sheer <br>
cliff<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the honeymoon<br>
behind a waterfall. Nobody sees<br>
the wreckage<br><br>

Wad up  the veil<br><br>

stuff it in your bag<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;duck<br>
behind a blasted tree<br><br>

together&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;vastly&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;the lakes<br><br>

glowing in the distance like a postcard.

___

*Red Moor in Yorkshire, Seen from Rental Car, October 5*

You weren't wrecking me.<br>
This isn't *Twilight.* But neither<br>
is *Twilight*.<br>

___

*Sticky Pudding, October 6*

I spoon up custard till I’m sick. You watch.<br>
The moor is black. We use our phones as flashlights.<br>

*Some old book about marriage, Sevenford House B&B, October 6*

Charlotte puked her breakfasts up until she died<br>
That wouldn’t happen now<br><br>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;this place is so empty<br>
We’re playing the parlor piano. <br><br>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;“Woman is not only man’s equal<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;but in affectional and religious nature <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;seventy-five per cent.<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;his superior”<br><br>

Charlotte in the bed<br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Jane<br><br>

“if I bent/if I tore/if I crushed her<br>
whatever I do with its cage I cannot get”<br><br>

circle around<br><br>

the cunning force the moss the alabaster<br><br>

Touch the text with your thumb<br>
Make it jump make it jump make it<br>

___

*A motionless rabbit, its eyes gouged out. October 5*

This isn’t *Twilight* but the driveway’s blocked. <br>
Wracked-Rabbit, Rabbit-child.<br>
Ball of bruises. I keep honking I keep<br>
Taking pictures I keep looking away<br><br>

Is it the only way you can love a thing,<br>
out in the open. Tear that secret out,<br>
see if you can get somebody to object,<br>
forbid the banns, x-ray the carry-on.<br>

___

Caolan Madden has an MFA in poetry from Johns Hopkins, and is currently a PhD candidate in English literature at Rutgers, where her dissertation is on figures of performance, confession, and the Victorian "Poetess" in nineteenth- and twentieth-century poetry. Madden's poetry and essays have appeared or are forthcoming in Triple Canopy, Iron Horse Literary Review, Bone Bouquet, Anthropoid, glitterMOB, Split Lip, Black Warrior Review, The Electric Gurlesque (Saturnalia, 2016), and WEIRD SISTER, where she is a contributing editor. GIRL TALK TRIPTYCH, a collaborative chapbook she co-authored with the feminist poetry collective (G)IRL, is just out from dancing girl press.