---
layout: post
title: 5 Poems
author: Caroline Rayner
category: issue2
date: 2016-05-13
---

*crashed on the floor*

i just sink<br>
into coffee<br>
& delirium<br>
unique to surfing the internet <br>
in a southern city––<br>
never a social creature,<br>
like the night i skipped the show<br>
& peeled clementines<br>
in my room.<br>
i grew up<br>
& brought little to the table<br>
except behavior.<br>
the ridge blooms<br>
in virgo<br>
& i weave gloom<br>
like grass<br>
between the ribs.<br>
i scatter stitches,<br>
my emotions,<br>
ceaselessly.<br>
i could not reconcile<br>
community & land,<br>
i could not take shape,<br>
holding<br>
when i destroyed<br>
myself, <br>
the day<br>
as the only syllable <br>
i could believe.<br>
when the river <br>
celebrated <br>
the solstice,<br>
i rinsed off<br>
& grew branches<br>
where i still hurt.<br>
back home<br>
my friend <br>
splits <br>
an avocado<br>
& we silently share<br>
& i feel alive<br>

___

*spirit meets the skin*

cusp of winter<br>
& dead lotus rising––<br><br>

i drag my twin bed halfway<br>
downhill,<br><br>

pause <br>
for the mountain witch,<br><br>

& screech.<br>
home is <br><br>

hollowed out,<br>
a tiny planet<br><br>

more catlike<br>
than river,<br><br>

& cut out <br>
from the sky.<br><br>

i took off my dress<br>
because the world grew <br><br>

claws<br>
while i was at school.<br><br>

thin trapeze &<br> 
short sleeves<br><br>

pinned to an apple tree<br>
grown wild<br><br>

in warm weather.<br>
the effluvia––<br><br>

birth, soil,<br>
& marzipan.<br><br>

it feels nice<br>
it seems fair.<br><br>

i squeeze out my hair<br>
all over the grass<br><br>

like red wine<br>
deeply<br><br>
 
mapping<br>
the blue ridge.<br><br>

i chase fauna<br>
from my ribcage<br><br>

so light shines straight through me.<br>
how long until i die<br><br>

& return as a cicada?<br>
these pecan shell wings<br><br>

dig like teeth<br>
& i can't afford<br><br>

another good soaking rain<br>
or spiritual collapse,<br><br>

because finally i quit trying<br>
to eat myself<br><br>


___

*bad bitches only*

each morning<br>
i crack my phone screen––<br>
shake loose<br>
the shards &<br>
watch them snowflake <br>
all over my backyard. <br>
glass grows back <br>
& perhaps<br>
this is proof of reincarnation.<br>
my past selves <br>
cluster inside the moon,<br>
talking shit about my recent selves.<br>
i know this is true <br>
because when i ask the moon <br>
for instructions <br>
regarding forgiveness<br>
i receive a sea urchin,<br>
& it stings me.<br>
every night <br>
i pray to my main queen<br>
that the demons lose <br>
all their teeth––<br>
becoming less like cacti <br>
& more like honey. <br>
at night i cup my hands <br>
full of orange juice<br>
to protect<br>
against curses <br>
& haters.<br>
nicki minaj taught me<br>
how to be a nightmare<br>
& a pink star,<br>
i love my sisters<br>
so what else do you <br>
want from me<br><br>

___

*craving*<br><br>

take your fresh flowers<br>
home because i want<br>
to wear black dresses<br><br>

loose enough<br>
& the vibe is<br>
mary-kate olsen <br>

& i mean<br>
have you<br>
seen pictures?<br><br>

our galaxy<br>
can't quit<br>
making enemies<br><br>

& i feel terrified<br>
just listening<br>
to rihanna<br><br>

throwing shade<br>
& becoming <br>
an angel<br><br>

without leaving<br>
my pink room.<br>
haters, up late<br><br>

watching tv<br>
& outside i break<br>
when i plant<br><br>

trees & pretend<br>
to crash<br>
like the ocean<br><br>

still swollen<br>
in a little ball<br>
& telling my friend<br><br>

how i woke up<br>
scraped out<br>
& how i smoked<br><br>

fear of the future<br>
down to the glitter.<br>
she pours wine––<br><br>

reflection of the sky<br>
blushing early<br>
like i do<br><br>

when i bend<br>
backwards<br>
in a rainbow.<br><br>

both my wrists <br>
disappear<br>
& i get my way,<br><br>

humid forever,<br>
ideal for fucking<br>
or running up<br><br>

the mountain.<br>
ginger goes bad<br>
& still i give<br><br>

everything i can<br>
& still i defend<br>
my moon<br><br>

& still i talk<br>
forever<br>
& i feel bad<br><br>

standing outside<br>
the hardcore show,<br>
shaking<br><br>

___

*wildwood*

i was developing film in the river<br>
as the big world<br>
deepened,<br>
heliotrope <br>
& braided<br>
like the myth––<br>
local spirits<br>
among butterflies,<br>
turning men<br>
into trees.<br>
still he told me<br>
this was a dream<br>
& i could not<br>
tear<br>
the membrane.<br>
i asked,<br>
what is enlightenment<br>
without phone service<br>
& he said karma<br>
sings in the choir<br>
& he loves the music, <br>
he loves <br>
the looping.<br>
meanwhile <br>
our piano flooded <br>
because our bedroom flooded.<br>
i tried baking<br>
until stone fruit season<br>
made me<br>
inconsolable.<br>
i bought succulents<br>
like i knew <br>
what the kitchen <br>
needed. <br>
green tea brews <br>
& brews<br>
because i let it.<br>
i hate the earth<br>


___

Caroline Rayner is a poet from Virginia who currently lives in Western Massachusetts. She is an MFA candidate at UMass-Amherst as well as assistant poetry editor for Cosmonauts Avenue. Her work has appeared or is forthcoming in Alien She, H_NGM_N, Witch Craft, Shabby Doll House, and elsewhere. Follow her on [Twitter](http://twitter.com/scaroline9) & [Tumblr](http://cccarolineraynerrr.tumblr.com/).